-
 Sam LeBlanc
 a. I decided to come to a public policy school because I was tired of learning pure math without any hope of it being put to good use in my lifettime.
 b. I learned about how to organize my computer file structure in a way that doesn't look like a virtual hurricane hit my directories.

Ryan Ripper
a. I decided to come to a public policy school in order to combine my applied and computational math background with my experience in healthcare consulting in order to support decision makers.
b. I learned the value of git and how to use its functionality to organize and work with team members.

Xavier Adomatis
a. I came here to gain the capacity to work with complex and textual banking data so i can pursue a career in regulation
b. I learned how to install like 60 programs to my laptop and still use only one of them

Kelly Looman
a. I decided to come to this program because I wanted to strengthen my STEM skills while being able to apply them in a meaningful way.
b. I learned how to clone a git repository!

Colette Yeager
a. I decided to come to a public policy school to be able to apply my math and technical skills in a way that creates positive change and makes a difference.
b. I learned how to use git from the command line rather than just pushing to GitHub from Atom

Yifan Liu
a. I decided to join this public policy school and this program because I want to learn some quantitative and analytical skill and pursue my interest in fiscal policy.
b. I learned how to create a scatterplot in R.

Lawand Yaseen
a. I wanted to attend a public policy school in pursuit of a skillset that is equipped to engage and participate in decision making processes.
b. I learned how versatile the terminal is on a Mac and how easy it is to access public facing files using it.

Anandi Gupta
a. I wanted to attend a policy school so that I could become equipped to apply my statistical knowledge and data analysis skills to policy questions that I am passionate about.
b. I learned how to use Git (which I have never used before!) and develop a way to manage my messy desktop.

Josh Rosen
a. I decided to attend this program to increase my capacity for (quantitative) policy research.
b. I learned how to close a git repository!

Peijin Li
a. I chose public policy school because I want to learn how to make data serve people and the society better.
b. I learned about git and its usefulness in teamwork.

Rahul Shrivastava
a. I chose this program to gain the skill set for using massive data to help shape better solutions for companies, governments, and society.
b. I learned new techniques for R and finally understood how git really works under the hood (I have used git before).

Phil Cork
a. I chose this program to deepen my technical skills and apply them to a dedicated domain.
b. I got a better understanding of how git actually works rather than just the commands to type in with fingers crossed.

Sai Srujana Illa
a. I decided to attend policy school as policy studies interest me. I chose this program in particular to build datascience skills for application into the policy area.
b. I learned that command line can help you navigate through the computer more efficinetly and make it work for you.

Abigail Paterson
a. I am attending policy school because I have always wanted to do my part to make the world a better place, and I feel like this is the best place for me to apply my skills in data analysis in that way.
b. I have learned a lot of R syntax!

Sonali Subbu Rathinam
a. I decided to attend policy school as I want to learn to use data for social welfare.
b. I learnt the importance of version control systems

Cameron MacDonald
a. I'm attending public policy school because I want to play a part in making policy decisions that are grounded in quantitative and qualitative evidence.
b. I learned about a ton of different atom add-ons.

Alvaro Altamirano
a. I chose public policy to meet people who also care about social issues and to learn and apply new data science skills.
b. I learned to use the'gitk' command on window's terminal.

Joanne Lauer
a. I chose this program because it combined public policy and data science, allowing me to combine my two passions and strengthen my data science skills.
b. I finally feel comfortable with git branches.  I've used git in the past but always felt like there was so much mystery behind how it worked.

 Nikhila Iyer
 a. I chose this policy program specifically because I want to be able to translate data into understandable material and create actionable policy solutions.
 b. This week I became more comfortable with GIt and refreshed my knowledge through practice. I learned about the pathways and how it actually works, more than just the command routine.

Audrey McIntyre
a. I chose this program because I want to make the world a better place, and I think policy and data are both important tools for this.
b. I've learned the basics of git!

Asif Bhatti
a. I chose this program because I want to truly play in the middle of being a technologist and a business strategist (or policy strategist)
b. I learned how to use git clone

Caroline Adams
a. I chose this program because I am very passionate about improving health equity and believe that public policy is an important lever to use to ensure change is enacted at a population level. I hope to learn more about how policy and data science toolkits can be combined to accomplish this.
b. I learned about how to use git, became more familiar with using Terminal on my laptop, and the importance of organizing my files.

Shaila Sundram
a. I chose this program because my passion lies in using the quantitative frameworks typically leveraged within engineering to represent, simulate, and interpret phenomenon in political systems.
b. I learned how to commit to GitHub with (hopefully) no merge conflicts!

Abby Wolfe
a. I chose to go to policy school because I want to reduce inequities in education and social policy at an institutional level while also using research driven by data science.
b. I learned about the differences between git and github.

David Lopez
a. I decided to go to a public policy school to gain the tools needed to help make effective policy decisions.
b. I learned how to use git

=======
Kalika Tullock
a. I came to this school in order to develop the statistical and computational skills I need for advanced data analysis. I am interested in applying this in the international economic development field, particularly with respect to workforce development and job creation.
b. I learned what Git is and what Git Hub does.

Naiqiu (Lawrence) Zhan
a. I decided to go to a public policy school because my ex suggested me this program, and I think it is useful.
b. I learned what git is the difference between git and git hub.

Julie Antão
a. I decided to go to public policy school and DSPP specifically to hopefully work and make a difference in the policy world in regard to Technology and Data.
b. I learned how to clone a repository and how to navigate my terminal better. 

Morgan Zimmerman
a. I chose to attend a public policy school because I wanted to find a practical and meaningful application for the analytical skills I have, so I'm looking forward to exploring different policy fields to find which I'm most passionate about.
b. I learned about what GitHub actually is, and how to navigate my computer solely through a terminal.

Lucienne Lavanya Julian 
a. I have been very interested in both policy issues and data analytics/machine learning since my undergrad and so applied for this program. My key areas of interest in policy are socio-political issues, economic development(particularly macroeconomic policies) and education. 
b. I have learnt a ton this week. In this class, I learnt to work with atom and hydrogen, and also using git from the command line.   

Wenhui Yang
a. I chose the DSPP program because the program offers the combination of public policy and data science, which can well prepare me for pursuing my career goal. 
b. I learned the necessity and importance of version control and how to practice it with git.

Goutham Yegappan
a. I chose the DSPP program because I wanted to learn the ways in which economics, data science, and public policy intersect.
b. I learned how to use Github. I accidently removed everyone's work but because of Github, the work was not lost. 

Ellis Obrien 
a. I have a strong interest in the intersection of qualitative and quantitative research and how it can be used to enact policy change. The DSPP program gives me the skills for a career analyzing data for issues I care about such as climate change and economic policy. 
b. I leaned about the importance of version control and how to work with git to do this. 

Eileen(Yingjiang) Tao
 a. I decided to attend public policy school to hone my data analysis skill to solve real-world problems.
 b. I learned the vaule of github. It can help people work together effectively and is a good way to learn from others.
